--------------- In-class Exercises ----------------
Exercise 1
Under the h1 tag, before the closing main tag:
1. Add a form tag with id: bday-form
2. In between the form tags, add a label and input pair to get the user's name
Use the for and id attributes to bind the label and input together

Exercise 2
Before the closing form tag:  
1. Add a label and input pair to get the user's email address
Use the correct value for the type attribute
2. Add a label and input pair to get the date of the party
Use the correct value for the type attribute

Exercise 3
Before the closing form tag:  
1. Add an input tag with type set to: submit
Add the value attribute and set its value to: "Generate Invitation"
Add the class attribute and set its value to: button

Exercise 4
Before the submit input:
1. Add a label for a textarea input with text "Party Details"
Use the correct value for the type attribute  
2. Add a textarea tag with id: party-details
Add the rows attribute, set its value to: 10

Exercise 5
Inside the form tag:  
1. Add the method attribute with value: POST
2. Add the action attribute set its value to: 
https://formsubmit.co/your@email.com
3. Inside each input tag (excluding the submit button), and the textarea tag:  
Add the name attribute, 
set its value to a name that makes sense to you or copy the value of the input's id.

--------------- Practice Session ----------------

Keep your CSS skills fresh. Review Level 2 materials if necessary.

Exercise 1
Add a label and input pair to get the time of the party
Make sure to use the correct value for the type attribute
Refer to the list of values for the type attribute on the slides, or search online

Exercise 2
Style the form inputs. Use all your CSS skills to create the style you see in the included screenshots.

Hints:

1. In style.css, select the labels and inputs together using the group selector (a comma).
Look at the screenshot of the form
Which styles do the labels and inputs share?
Remember: display inline versus block, and margin: auto for centering
You can add the rule box-sizing: border-box; to account for different padding on inputs and labels

2. Select the inputs alone and set margin-bottom, padding

3. Select the labels alone, set padding, and adjust the font size

4. Select the submit input by its class and style it to look like the example 
Use the hover pseudo class to set a new background color on hover #008080 
Make sure to add the cursor property:
cursor: pointer;